it is wednesday and that means per day
Today the new bravo is on the market
and on the cover school the men helped
jec actor english has quite
nice nasty is scolded about the series
totally straight one should look at
now broke the series with it
and what is actually behind it and
What his future will we tell you
also selena and justin so kempf
justin her love and maike now
berlin day & night the time their
Neukölln clique with you soon
in cologne 50 66 can be seen him
There are also 20 grams of cards
breaking dawn stars and posters of one
direction justin bieber rihanna and the
formula 1 world champion sebastian vettel
So we should definitely pick it up
today on the court so what it actually is
since yesterday is the new
single from eros always high on the internet
is already listening
kg freestyle featuring flo rida like herself
the answer looks now
first spots
Of course, I like it on everyone
case I find even better resp
the first single quite cool the second
was also very cool but I think now
also a little better
That's why I'm very excited
the album will come soon
so who are now no longer friends
his version is a real pair in
full of action and perry adwords from
lumix g2 has been around for a while now
together and science mother pet has
now that explained very sweetly they said
namely Perry would be the perfect one
Daughter-in-law they plan where else
no wedding so that's still going on
bit but she wants that up
any case that the two somehow
come together later because they are perry
So nice and they just love it so much
make such a sweet couple what you get here
you find the two fit perfectly
together or do you think who should
rather come to you or to you or
whatever said your opinions below
at the comments
yes and to investigate apropos have the yes
on monday also a huge concert in the
madison square likes to play in new york
and there is one or there was one
super cool surprise
who suddenly gets out of the background
came out and with the guys say that
Now
from
so the chairman comes to it at once
the qs he is a very very good friend of
Harry and the other guys and
favorite she also described by him
he thinks that one hears it too
six also makes a very good figure
or so I think
maybe he should join soon
enter
who knows who knows today we know it
maybe not soon and
soon I will be you too
tell if it is true then that was
again for today until the next one
times